Over de vacature
Your career at Deutsche Börse Group

Your area of work

Corporate IT of Deutsche Börse Group is in charge of end user workplace experience, voice & communication, application development and operations for all group processes such as Financial Core, Customer Care, Control & Corporate Processes. We also develop and operate our Enterprise Analytics and Digital Boardroom which are the core of sharing and measuring our group’s success.

Our mission is simple – Make IT Run!

We are passionate in running our existing IT landscape and exploring every day what makes DBG as a company, and thus all our colleagues, run better – simplify and automate processes, use modern technology and devices, and make collaboration fun. We are driven by user experience, performance, stable operations, and a high degree of Information Security and Compliance.

As an Application Operations Engineer (f/m/d) you will support the IT Infrastructure Tools team, which takes care of the design of tools required to provide the department's IT services to internal and external customers. This includes design, specification and implementation of Monitoring and IT Asset Management tools.

Your Responsibilities

Application performance management (APM) – administration / support / maintenance of Dynatrace all-in-one platform
Onboarding of new business applications for availability and performance monitoring
Analysis and translation of business requirements according to the technical roadmap
Production support during software implementation transition weekends
Support internal customers and colleagues with the deployment, configuration and troubleshooting as well as conduct product specific trainings
Perform incident, problem and change management including user and customer support

Your profile

Holder of an IT university degree or similar
At least 5 years of professional experience (e.g. Testing, Application and System architecture, Software development)
The knowledge of Dynatrace platform, Micro Focus, Elastic, AppDynamics, DataDog, NewRelic, etc. is a strong asset
Good knowledge of Linux/Unix and Windows operating systems
Software development knowledge is a plus
Application architecture and security (PKI, LDAP, OCSP) knowledge is a plus
Familiarity with some of the following technologies: JavaScript, HTML5, OpanShift, Azure, Google Cloud, Kubernetes, etc.
A passion for technology and continuous learning
Analytical and problem-solving skills
The knowledge of the ITIL standards is a plus
Proven ability to organize and prioritize in a fast-paced environment
Taking initiative and maintain solution-oriented working methods
Proficiency in English (French or German are a plus)